Added profiling billing FAQ (#8202)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/profiler.md

| Billable Unit  | Quantity   | Price                                                                                           | Formula       | Subtotal              |
|----------------|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------------|
| APM Hosts      | 5          | $12 per host                                                                                    | 5 * $12       | $60                   |
| Profiled containers  | 2 per host | $0 since 2 containers is below the allotment limit, no overage charge is issued. The remaining 3 containers not reporting profile data are not counted towards the allotment.         | 0 * $2        | $0                    |
| Total          |            |                                                                                                 | $60 + $0      | **$60 per month**    |

### Case 5: Hosts with Varying Numbers of Profiled Containers

Using 2 profiled hosts - Host A and Host B.

> * Host A is running 8 containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Host A is running eight containers
```

> * Host B is running 2 containers         

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Host B is running two containers         
```

> All 10 containers are running application instances that are being profiled, meaning Host A has an overage of 4 containers and Host B can add 2 more containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All 10 containers are running application instances that are being profiled, meaning Host A has an overage of four containers and Host B can add two more containers.
```

> In this scenario, we aggregate all containers across all hosts (i.e. 2 hosts, 10 containers). Then we would have 8 containers included in price and an overage of 2 containers. Therefore, the breakdown would look as such:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, we aggregate all containers across all hosts (so two hosts, 10 containers). Then we would have eight containers included in price and an overage of two containers. Therefore, the breakdown would be:
```

| Billable Unit  | Quantity   | Price                                                                                           | Formula       | Subtotal              |
|----------------|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|-----------------------|
| APM Hosts      | 5          | $12 per host                                                                                    | 2 * $12       | $24                   |

> | Profiled containers  | 10 in aggregate of host A + host B | $2 per overage container. In this case 2 hosts would allow up to 8 containers but we have 2 containers summed across two hosts: 10-8 = 2 overage containers        | 2 * $2 * 2 hosts        | $8                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Profiled containers  | 10 in aggregate of host A + host B | $2 per overage container. In this case 2 hosts would allow up to 8 containers but we have 2 containers summed across two hosts: 10-8 = 2 overage containers        | $2 * 2 hosts        | $4                    |
```

> | Total          |            |                                                                                                 | $24 + $8      | **$32 per month**    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Total          |            |                                                                                                 | $24 + $4      | **$28 per month**    |
```

## FAQs
**1. What is classified as a Continuous Profiler host for billing?**

> A host is a physical or virtual operating system instance. Datadog records the number of hosts you are concurrently monitoring in the Datadog Infrastructure service once an hour. For billing Continuous Profiler, number of hosts with a Profiler library installed and sending profiles are calculated every hour. These hourly measurements are ordered from highest to lowest at the end of the month, and Datadog charges based on the ninth-highest measurement (eighth-highest only in February).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A host is a physical or virtual operating system instance. Datadog records the number of hosts you are concurrently monitoring in the Datadog Infrastructure service once an hour. For billing a Continuous Profiler, the number of hosts with a Profiler library installed and sending profiles are calculated every hour. These hourly measurements are ordered from highest to lowest at the end of the month, and Datadog charges based on the ninth-highest measurement (eighth-highest only in February).
```

**2. How is billing calculated if I deploy one agent per container?**

> It is recommended to setup running one agent per underlying host for container deployment. If you still choose to run one agent per container, then each container is treated as a single host. The price is then (Price Per Profiled host) * (Number of containers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends setting up one Agent per underlying host for container deployment. If you still choose to run one Agent per container, then each container is treated as a single host. The price is then (Price Per Profiled host) * (Number of containers).
```

**3. What happens to my bill if I have to suddenly scale my environment?**

Since the hourly measurements of top 99 percentile hosts are ordered from highest to lowest at the end of the month, and Datadog charges based on the ninth-highest measurement (eighth-highest only in February), it gives you a shield against being billed for unexpected spikes.

**4. Do I get charged for pause containers in Kubernetes?**

Kubernetes creates pause containers to acquire the respective pod’s IP address and set up the network namespace for all other containers that join that pod. Datadog excludes all pause containers from your quota and does not charge for them (requires Agent 5.8+).

**5. How is the host billing related to my services?**

> Continuous Profiler is billed on the basis of hosts deployed with agents sending profiles and not services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Continuous Profiler is billed on the basis of hosts deployed with Agents sending profiles and not services.
```

**6. Can I use Continuous Profiling without APM?**

> Not yet. We would love to hear from you if you are interested in using just Continuous Profiling without APM. Please reach out to us through your [Contact Sales][4] or your [Customer Success Manager][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Let us know if you are interested in using Continuous Profiling without enabling APM. Please reach out to us by contacting [Sales][4] or through your [Customer Success Manager][3].
```
